God knows the depths of the pain we suffer ♪
And the distress and sickness we endure.
Yet ♪ our trust in Him will never be disappointed;
Far be it from Him to let reaching hands return empty.
My Lord ♪ I have no one but You.
I reach out my hands ♪ hoping for Your grace.
The Generous One never rejects a servant's plea ♪
Nor does He withhold His gifts from those who hope.
How often He has poured out His grace before we even ask ♪
Giving and enriching out of pure ♪ boundless generosity.
God knows the depths of the pain we suffer ♪
And the distress and sickness we endure.
Yet ♪ our trust in Him will never be disappointed;
Far be it from Him to let reaching hands return empty.
How often He has poured out His grace before we even ask ♪
Giving and enriching out of pure ♪ boundless generosity.
God knows the depths of the pain we suffer ♪
And the distress and sickness we endure.